# Benjamin-Graham-and-Warren-Buffett-Model-Stock-Exchange-
There are about 4000 stocks which are actively traded on the stock exchanges at BSE and NSE. Can we  extract public financial data from sites like moneycontrol.com to find which are the fundamentally strong  stocks. On what stocks would the father of value investing, Benjamin Graham and Warren Buffett the  most successful investors in the world make their investments on. Benjamin Graham and Warren Buffett Model 

Step 1: Filtering out all companies with sales less than Rs 250 cr.  Companies with sales lower than this are very small companies and might not have the business stability  and access to finance that is required for a safe investment. This eliminates the basic business risk.  
Step 2: Filtering out all companies with debt to equity greater than 30%.  Companies with low leverage are safer.  
Step 3: Filtering out all companies with interest coverage ratio of less than 4.  Companies with high interest coverage ratio have a highly reduced bankruptcy risk.  
Step 4: Filtering out all companies with ROE less than 15%  since they are earning less than their cost of capital. High ROE companies have a robust business model,  which generates increased earnings for the company typically.  
Step 5: Filtering out all companies with PE ratio greater than 25  since they are too expensive even for a high-quality company. This enables us to pick companies which are  relatively cheaper as against their actual value. He points out that applying these filters enables us to  reduce and even eliminate a lot of fundamental risks while ensuring a robust business model, strong  earning potential and a good buying price. 
